.\"  This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\"  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\"  the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\"  (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\"  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\"  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\"  GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"  along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\"  Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"

.TH FPW 1

.SH NAME
.B fpw
\- FootPrintWizard for the printed circuit board layout tool.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fpw
[--help | -h]
[--quiet |--silent | -q]
[--verbose | -v]
[--version | -V]
[--help | -h]
[--format <footprint wizardfilename> | -f <footprintwizard filename>]
[--output <footprint filename> | -o <footprint filename>]

.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B fpw
program is a tool for the creation of footprints to be used in the layout of printed circuit boards.
The complete manual for
.B fpw
is provided in a GNU texinfo format as well as HTML and PDF.
The texinfo version of the manual is typically viewed with the
.B info
program or alternatively with
.B emacs
or a graphical info viewer such as
.B tkinfo
.  The PDF and HTML documentation is typically installed as
/usr/local/share/fpw/fpw.html and /usr/local/share/fpw/fpw.pdf.
The prefix "/usr/local" may vary at your site.

.SH OPTIONS
.l
\fIfpw\fP accepts the following options:
.TP 8
.B -h
.TP 8
.B --help
Print a help message with command line options. (optional)
.TP 8
.B -q
.TP 8
.B --quiet
.TP 8
.B --silent
.TP 8
Quiet mode on.  This mode turns off all warnings/notes/messages. (optional)
.TP 8
.B -v
.TP 8
.B --verbose
Verbose mode on.  This mode gives as much feedback to the user as possible. (optional)
.TP 8
.B -h
.TP 8
.B --help
Print a message explaining the usage of the command line version of the program. (optional)
.TP 8
.B -V
.TP 8
.B --version
Print the version of the program. (optional)
.TP 8
.B -f
.TP 8
.B --format <footprintwizard filename>
Specify a filename for the program to read the resources for the footprint from.
.TP 8
.B -o
.TP 8
.B --output <footprint filename>
Specify a filename for the footprint to be created.

.SH EXAMPLES
This example assumes that you have a footprintwizard file called BGA10X10.fpw in
the current directory.
.TP 8
.B fpw --quiet --format BGA10X10.fpw --output BGA50C10X10-100_1100X1100.fp
.TP 8
to create a footprint file while having no warnings, info or error log messages whatsoever.

.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
\fIfpw\fP respects the following environment variable:
.PP
.TP 8
.B <none>

.SH "AUTHOR"
Bert Timmerman and maybe others.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ... (1)

.SH COPYRIGHT
.nf
Copyright \(co  2007-2011 Bert Timmerman.

This document can be freely redistributed according to the terms of the
GNU General Public License version 2 or any later version.
